Voice Insights - Event Streams - Call Insights Event Stream

Call Insights Event Stream
__Voice Insights__ provides seven Call Insights Events which can be __subscribed to via Event Streams__. Together with the __Conference Insights Event Stream__, these form part of the unified __Voice Insights Event Streams__.
EventDescription`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-event.gateway`Gateway events are generated by __call progress events__. Events are typically emitted by Voice Insights within 90 seconds. Gateway events are part of the __Call Insights Events__.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-event.sdk`SDK events are generated by __Voice SDK events__. Events are typically emitted by Voice Insights within 90 seconds. SDK events are part of the __Call Insights Events__.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-metrics.gateway`Gateway metrics are generated every ten seconds by sensors in Twilio's media gateways. Metrics are typically emitted by Voice Insights within 90 seconds. Gateway metrics are part of the __Call Metrics__.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-metrics.sdk`SDK metrics are emitted every ten seconds by sensors in Twilio's Voice SDKs. Metrics are typically emitted by Voice Insights within 90 seconds. SDK metrics are part of the __Call Metrics__.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-summary.complete`The __Call Summary__ provides an overview of metadata and quality metrics for a single call. A completed call summary may take up to thirty minutes to generate following the end of the call.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-summary.partial`A partial summary contains a partial set of the data that comprises the __Call Summary__. Multiple partial summary events will occur as the Call Summary is assembled. The first partial summary will be available within ten minutes of a call ending.`com.twilio.voice.insights.call-summary.predicted-complete`The completed __Call Summary__ event is based on a thirty minute timer. Twilio uses ML to predict when a Call Summary is actually completed and emits the predicted-complete event based on the analysis of that model. The predicted complete event is typically available within ten minutes of a call ending.